cv/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Vital Vialas Portfolio
---


## Education

+ In 2016 I got a <strong>PhD on Bioinformatics</strong> (Computational Proteomics) at UCM (Universidad Complutense Madrid)

  The thesis main contribution is the creation of web based tools and databases for large-scale proteomics studies on a yeast species.
  Here it is: [for the brave](http://eprints.ucm.es/38747/1/T37573.pdf){:target="blank"} (some parts are in Spanish)
	
+ Before that, in 2004, I graduated with a <strong>degree in Biology</strong> at Universidad de Extremadura
	


## Positions, places

* Researcher at Statistical Biotechnology group at Science for Life Laboratory. Stockholm, Sweden

  2016-March - currently. 1 year and 6 months

* Bioinformatics Researcher at National Center for Biotechnology - CSIC, Madrid, Spain

  2014-April - 2014-December. 9 months

* PhD on Computational Proteomics, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain

  2007-May - 2014-April 7 years


## Skills
This is what my contacts in [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vital-v-ab244121/){:target="blank"} say I know about

<i style="color: gray;font-size: 0.8em">Font-size is proportional to the times the skill is validated</i>

<i style="color: gray;font-size: 0.8em">Color just makes it prettier </i>


<div id="cloud"></div>

{% include cv-d3.html %}

Commit message:

added link to xkcd and to google scholar profile

cv/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Vital Vialas Portfolio
---


## Education

+ In 2016 I got a <strong>PhD on Bioinformatics</strong> (Computational Proteomics) at UCM (Universidad Complutense Madrid)

  The thesis main contribution is the creation of web based tools and databases for large-scale proteomics studies on a yeast species.
  Here it is: [for the brave](http://eprints.ucm.es/38747/1/T37573.pdf){:target="blank"} (some parts are in Spanish)
	
+ Before that, in 2004, I graduated with a <strong>degree in Biology</strong> at Universidad de Extremadura
	

### For academics: 
+ Here is my [Scholar profile](https://scholar.google.se/citations?user=WgCqEWkAAAAJ&hl=en){:target="blank"} (publications and h-index)
 
 
 

## Positions, places

* Researcher at Statistical Biotechnology group at Science for Life Laboratory. Stockholm, Sweden

  2016-March - currently. 1 year and 6 months

* Bioinformatics Researcher at National Center for Biotechnology - CSIC, Madrid, Spain

  2014-April - 2014-December. 9 months

* PhD on Computational Proteomics, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Spain

  2007-May - 2014-April 7 years


## Skills
This is what my contacts in [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vital-v-ab244121/){:target="blank"} say I know about

<i style="color: gray;font-size: 0.8em">Font-size is proportional to the times the skill is validated</i>

<i style="color: gray;font-size: 0.8em">Color just makes it prettier </i>


<div id="cloud"></div>

{% include cv-d3.html %}
